Passage 1
Many of the most damaging and life-threatening types of weather C torrential rains, server thunderstorms, and tornadoes(龙卷风) Cbegin quickly, strike suddenly, and disappear rapidly, destroying small regions while leaving neighboring areas untouched. One such event, tornado, struck the northeastern section of Edmonton, Alberta, in July 1987. Total damages from the tornado 1 $250 million, the highest ever for any Canadian storm. Conventional computer models of the atmosphere have limited value in predicting short-lived local storms like the Edmonton tornado, because the available weather data are generally not detailed enough to allow computers to discern(识别) the subtle atmosphere 2ahead of these storms. In most nations, for example, 
weather-balloon observations are taken just once every twelve hours at locations typically 3 by hundreds of miles. With such limited data, conventional forecasting models do a much better job predicting general weather conditions over large regions than they do forecasting 4 local events. 
Until recently, the observation C intensive approach needed for accurate, very short-range forecasts, or “Now casts”, was not 5. The cost of equipping and operating many thousands of conventional weather stations was extremely high, and the 6 involved in rapidly collecting and processing the raw weather data from such a network were insurmountable(不能克服的). Fortunately, scientific and technological advances have 7 most of these problems. Radar systems, automated weather instrument, and satellite are all capable of making detailed, nearly continuous observation over large regions at a(n) 8 low cost. Communications satellite can transmit data around the world cheaply and instantaneously, and modern computers can quickly compile and analyze this 9 volume of weather information. Meteorologists and computer scientists now work together to design computer 10 and video equipment capable of transforming raw weather data into works, symbols, and vivid graphic displays that forecasters can interpret easily and quickly. As meteorologists have begun using these new technologies in weather forecasting offices, “Now casting” is becoming a reality
